[theme music]
Okay, girls now remember when my
grandparents step off the plane
we're gonna say
"Welcome to America," in Greek.
Okay, now,
what are we gonna say?
(together)
Welcome to America, in Greek.
Alright, now that we got
that out of our system
let's try it for real
like we practiced, ready?
[speaking Greek]
Very good.
Come on, Michelle.
[speaking Greek]
Are you nuts?
Alright, let's just practice
givin' 'em a kiss, shall we?
[Jesse Frederick singing
"Everywhere You Look"]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman
the paper boy ♪
♪ Evening TV ♪
♪ Did I get
delivered here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's ♪
♪ Confusin' me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ There ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Don't sell your dreams
so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a heart
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody
who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're
lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waitin' ♪
♪ To carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Doobie doo
bah bah dah ♪♪
[instrumental music]
Let's go,
we gotta meet that plane.
Danny, Joey,
let's go!
Jess, you're not gonna believe
this, I just called the airlines
your grandparents landed early.
Already, how could they land?
Well, the plane slows down
the wheels pop up
pilot comes out, "Please
extinguish all smoking--"
Yeah, I know how
the planes lands.
[knock on door]
My grandparents have come
all the way from Greece
to celebrate their
50th wedding anniversary
and they're probably
wandering around the airport
lost, scared, diffused.
Oh, my God, they're here.
Okay, everybody, get ready.
Very good.
What kind of--
[speaking Greek]
That's better but you
still owe me for taxi!
My beautiful Jesse!
Aw, Yaya Gina.
- Papouli Iorgos.
- 'Huh.'
- Help!
- 'Alright, alright.'
Gina, Gina.
Gina! Save some tears.
You got lots more
people to meet.
May I present, the father
of your great-grandchildren
- Danny Tanner.
- Oh.
Oh, this is nice.
My
[speaking Greek]
is your
Thank you very much
but we brought
our own underwear.
Let me get back
to you on that one, okay?
And these are your
great-grandchildren.
This is D.J., Stephanie,
and little Michelle.
Oh.
Who-who is this man?
That's Joey.
He lives in the garage
and he's a comedian,
Joey, show 'em your Bullwinkle.
Well, I sure hope,
you get American cartoons
because, well, if not
I'm making some first
impression, hmm.
We have funny man
like Joey in Pompadoras
Nikos, the village idiot.
We bring you
big surprise visitors.
Gina.
Jesse, your cousin Dmitri
he make you the godfather
of his little girl Melina.
Hey!
That's my face.
[speaking Greek]
Well, there's a
slight family resemblance.
You might say.
Hi, Melina.
Michelle, why don't you
take Melina up to your room
and show he where
she's gonna be staying, okay?
You got it, dude.
Come on, chicks.
You're very pretty.
Did you bring anybody
that looks like me?
No, but we did bring
Sylvio Banalakis.
Sylvio!
He's always dreamed
of coming to America.
[speaking Greek]
I see your picture
every day
in house of your
great-grandfather.
You are even more
beautiful in person.
Ooh, my Lanta.
Papuli, are we related?
- No.
- Yes!
Ah, Sylvio, come on,
I'll show you my room.
Steph, I'm sure
your Yaya Gina
would love
to see your room, too.
Okay, dad,
we'll keep an eye on 'em.
Good girl,
don't ever grow up.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Sylvio Banalakis.
Papuli, didn't he
have an older sister?
- Yes.
- What was her name?
- Elena.
- 'Yeah, Elena..'
- 'Jesse.'
Have merc..
Have Mercedes
come to Greece yet?
Uh, come with me, I-I will,
um, I will show you my..
[speaking Greek]
You have a volcano
in the kitchen?
I take it, this is
not your grandmother.
No, no, this is..
This is little Elena.
Gosh, I haven't seen little
Elena since I was 14
when you were little.
Little Elena,
this is, uh..
- Big Becky.
This is.. This is big Becky.
Your grandfather told me,
you were not married.
Uh, no, no, we're not married,
but Becky's my..
- Girlfriend.
Becky's, my girlfriend.
And I'm sure the three
of us are gonna have
a darn nifty time
together, right?
Right.
Yeah, right.
I see it,
but I don't believe it.
This is Pinky, my pig.
Hey, twinsters.
Why do we look the same?
Well, because, uh,
you're cousins.
♪ Identical cousins
and you'll find ♪
♪ They laugh alike
they walk alike ♪
♪ At times
they even talk alike ♪
♪ You can lose your mind ♪
♪ When cousins ♪
♪ Are ♪
♪ Two of a k-kind ♪♪
Nikos.
More moussaka, Jesse?
Yes, please.
Hey, Jess, take a break, huh?
You've been eating
for three hours.
Do you remember our picnic
on the top of Mount Pompadoras?
Yeah, I remember,
it was.. It was raining
and we had to hide
under your blanket
and we had those
red seedless grapes
you kept feeding 'em to me,
one by one, but..
Hardly remember it.
I better check
on the Baklava, honey?
Yes, dear.
I mean, do you want honey
on your Baklava?
Yeah, of course I do,
what's Baklava without honey?
Right, honey?
Jess, honey!
This woman didn't fly
12,000 miles just to stuff
your face full of moussaka
now what's going
on between you two?
Oh, come on, Becky, nothing,
you know, I feel about you.
Nothing could come between us.
Baklava.
Careful.
It's very hot stuff.
[singing in Greek]
Ah, Stephanie, you learn
the Zorba dance so fast.
Thanks, Yaya, I'll teach
you an American dance.
Want to vogue?
Strike a pose.
Steph, what have you
done to grandma?
We're vogue-ing.
Strike pose.
Has anybody seen D.J.?
She's at the mall
with Sylvio.
She's alone with Sylvio?
Not to worry,
Sylvio is fine boy
so much like Jesse
when he was young.
Oh, that's very comforting.
Comet, this is
D.J.'s sock.
Pick up the scent, Comet,
find D.J., find D.J.
Dad, that's Comet
not Lassie.
How did you like
your first Slurpee?
Well, I've never slurped
with a girl before.
How did I do?
Great, you slurped
at just the right speed.
Oh, I was very nervous.
The stars
are so pretty.
The prettiest stars
are in your eyes.
[door opens]
Sure, Comet, we can go
for a walk, come on boy.
Come here, Comet
that's a good..
Oh! Look, it's D.J.,
well what do you know?
Dad, were you spying on me?
Trust me, if I was spying
I would've been out here
way before all that star talk.
Mr. Tanner...your daughter
is the most beautiful
woman in the world.
She's okay.
You must be incredibly tired
after your long flight.
Why don't you..
Why don't you come on inside
and I'll show you
to your cage, uh, room.
[instrumental music]
Danny, have you seen my,
uh, dress shirt?
Do I look like your mother?
It's in the hamper.
Here it is.
I did all of your
laundry this morning.
I just have to iron it.
Oh, well,
let me do that for Jesse
I mean, after all
you're here on vacation.
Becky, you know, I've-I've never
actually seen you iron.
Me? Oh, I live to iron.
I just have to get
one of those ironing table.
Sweetheart,
that's ironing board.
Shut up.
Danny,
I took the girls shopping.
Wait till you see this,
okay, come on in, girls.
Go ahead,
try and tell them apart.
You'll never guess, daddy.
Oh, this is a tough one but..
I bet, the real Michelle
is the one,
who just called me daddy.
Aw, nuts!
Aw, hoo!
Bless you.
And I think that
would make you, Melina.
You got it, dud.
Told you,
it's you got it, dude.
Dude!
Mr. Tanner, I'd like to take
a walk with your daughter.
Hey, no problem, Michelle,
take a walk with Sylvio.
I mean D.J., I want to walk with
her around the kitchen table.
You want to walk around
the kitchen table?
Sure, hey,
knock yourself out.
Take a spin around
the counter if you want.
Thanks, dad.
We'll be right back.
And I'll be right over here
if you need me.
This is really sweet.
But totally weird.
Do you remember this?
Yeah...didn't you and I walk
around your table in Pompadoras?
Yes!
I was waiting to see
if you remembered!
That's why
I came to see you!
That's it!
Get your Pompadorian paws
off my boyfriend!
But we did the
traditional wedding walk.
Jesse is my husband.
And now D.J.
is my wife.
- Whoa, baby!
[instrumental music]
My D.J. is married!
I could have
great-great-grandchildren.
I can have my own room!
Wait a minute, D.J.
and Sylvio are not married.
Neither are they.
According to Pompadoras
tradition, they are married.
You give the girl flowers,
you walk around the table
and that's what
it's all about!
That's not a wedding,
that's the hokey-pokey.
Jesse, say something.
It's a very delicate situation
here with my family.
Alright, let me ask
you a question.
Is this the kind of woman
you want?
Someone who lives only
to-to cook for you
and clean for you,
and wait on you hand and foot?
How do you make it
sound so negative?
Fine, she's all yours.
I'll send you a card
on your anniversary.
This August
will be our thirteenth.
Congratulations!
Becky..
You're in big
trouble, mister!
When should I tell your wife,
you'll be back?
[imitating Bob Eubanks]
Let's meet our first
newly wed couple.
♪ Pa ta tada ta ta ta pa.. ♪♪
She's in the eighth grade,
he's in the olive business.
They've only been married
two and a half minutes.
Please welcome
Sylvio and D.J. Banalakis!
♪ Ta tada na.. ♪♪
Why don't I take the lovely
couple into the living room
and tell them what
they've won, Bob?
A dining set specially
selected just for you.
I love weddings.
D.J., why don't you go on up to
your room and wait for daddy?
Daddy, with all due respect
you can't send me
to my room anymore.
I'm a married woman.
You're not
a married woman.
- Papa.
- Please don't call me that.
I'm ready to learn
the family business.
What do you do
for a job?
I have a talk show.
Well, I will study hard
and when you die,
I will take over.
I will never die.
Sylvio, walk with me,
talk with me.
We have to get over to Iorgos'
and Gina's anniversary party
but first let me tell you about
this thing we have in America
called a restraining order.
[instrumental music]
[singing in Greek]
Here we go.
[music continues]
[cheering]
Oh, this is
a pretty picture.
I thought, I should
come down here
and give you a chance
to explain but I see
you're too busy
hugging your wife.
How could you
do this to me?
Becky, listen, you've..
Now it's
a Greek party!
[speaking Greek]
[instrumental music]
- Hey, Becky?
- What?
This whole thing
has gotten out of hand here now
there's something
you both should hear.
Elena, listen, you're..
You're a beautiful woman
with passion and with fire.
Oh, I'm glad,
I stuck around for this.
Wait a minute,
you'll like this part.
But there is no future for us
'cause I'm madly
in love with Becky.
Becky..
I'm madly in love with you.
Oh, Jesse.
I'm sorry..
I'm sorry I got so jealous.
Just the thought of losing you
made me crazy.
You're never gonna lose me.
I'm sorry, Elena.
Maybe I was crazy
to have come here.
But I always wondered
what would happen
if we ever saw
each other again.
Now I know,
we can only be friends.
It's too bad
we are still married.
[instrumental music]
Well, what do you know,
we lost the group.
Iorgos is as long as we're here,
let's talk divorce.
Divorce?
Who wants a divorce?
- They do.
Well, you are in luck.
Since no farm animals
actually changed hands
a divorce is possible.
Dad?
Sylvio, I'm sorry
but I'll never forget you.
After all,
you are my first husband.
For one hour
I was married to the most
beautiful woman in the world.
Aw, dad, do I have to?
Oh, yeah.
Everybody who wants
a divorce, follow me.
Now join hands and
walk around the table backwards.
Bizarre Pompadorian
table ceremonies
on the next Geraldo.
Okay, I now pronounce you,
men and ex-wives.
We came 12,000 miles
to get divorces.
We should've
gone to Disneyland.
Attention, everybody, you know,
all this talking about divorce
makes me realize
how lucky I am
to have my Gina
for fifty years.
And to think, she didn't even
want to marry me!
You had a beard!
It was like
kissing a goat!
No, I kissed a goat once,
it was very different.
Anyway, I shaved.
And I got 50 wonderful
years with my Gina.
[dramatic music]
I love you, Gina.
I love you.
That's so beautiful.
You know, that could be
you and I in 50 years.
I hope it will be.
Like you know when..
You're lucky enough to find
the right person that you..
...really love and wanna
spend your whole life with
my feeling is, why wait?
Okay, so what are you
waiting for?
Really?
Really.
Alright.
This time we're gonna
do this right.
You know, the last time we did
this, you left me at the altar.
Jess, we were in Nevada.
You said,
"let's get married this second."
This time we can take our time
and plan a real wedding.
- Becky.
- Hold it.
Do you have any other wives
in any other countries?
- No, no.
- Okay.
You were saying?
Will you walk around
the table with me?
- Yes.
- Yes! Whoo!
[cheering]
Ladies and gentlemen,
I have an announcement to make.
Rebecca Donaldson
and Jesse Katsopolis
are now engaged
to be married!
- Again?
- Yes, again.
[cheering]
Did you
hear that, girls?
Uncle Jesse and Rebecca
are gonna be married.
Let's celebrate.
- You got it, dude.
[instrumental music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Doobie doo
bah bah dah ♪♪